# Project1
## NFT Portfolio Analyzer.
To Run this Project, PLease Use: python3, JupyterNotebok, Opensea API and the liberaries that are used in this project. 

Warning:Do not do what i say in this project as this is not financial advice

NFT is a new space that has taken the crypto industry by storm. A non-fungible token is a unique and non-interchangeable unit of data stored on a digital ledger. NFTs can be used to represent easily-reproducible items such as photos, videos, audio, and other types of digital files as unique items, and use blockchain technology to establish a verified and public proof of ownership.
People invest into unique collections and project hoping to make some monye. Some make millions while others end up losing millions. The whole point of this project is to help make people money by copying successful individulas. In this project I use API's from opensea to find out as much information available about a project.I used the Events and collections API to retreive the type of Events that were occuring with the specifc holdongs as well any portfolio of my desire. First, I chose a specifc NFT to see the types of events that were mostly associated with that NFT. Events can be anything from when was the NFT created, how many times has it been transfered to another wallet, How many offers and bids it's it getting and is the owner cancelling offers since  he/she isnt pleased with the offer. For the collections API, I get to know all the different holding/collections in a portfolio.The final Goal for this project is to monitor the top 100 people in this NFT Industry and copy what they buy,hold and sell. If you copy the successful ones, you will be in profit as well.This is just the begining and phase one of this project, as in the future there  will be alot more APIs, Metrics, history and benchmark used to determine if anybody in the top 100 is holding that specific project,  will it be profitable, by how much and some advice to befollowed by.  
